is that is that what we should do as  leaders when you're thinking about  vaccines and mandates and privilege and  all these  tricky things it's not about abandoning  goals it's contextualizing the goals and  what most businesses lack is context for  the goals so we use all the wrong  analogies in business we use war  analogies it's a launch it's a campaign  you know we use uh sports analogies you  know  uh it's it's fourth and goal and like we  gotta  and and they're all finite constructions  um we need to start thinking of business  like a lifestyle  right think of it more like health  like i want to be healthy what does it  take to be healthy well you have to  exercise you have to eat right you have  to nurse your personal relationships you  have to get enough sleep there's  probably 30 other things you can't do  all of these things perfectly all the  time it's just striving well what you  have to do well in business you need  good product you need good service you  need good leadership  so you can't do all those things  perfectly all the time it's a striving  and you can absolutely have arbitrary  goals  in that we love a metric human beings  love a metric so for example i want to  lose x amount of weight by x date  arbitrary number arbitrary date which is  largely how we pick financial goals  we're going to hit this goal by this  date  make it this number you know um  uh  and it's arbitrary  and that's fine  and so you go and you stand on the scale  every morning you're doing all the right  things we love measuring we love  counting we love feeling the progress  and then you hit your goal on the right  day and the right time and you're  ecstatic but here's the thing you have  to keep exercising for the rest of your  life it doesn't end and it's the same  with business you hit your goal but the  whole thing called business and all that  striving and marketing and  it  doesn't end like you have to keep doing  it but i think it's more interesting  when we miss the goal  because if you're doing all this stuff  and you stand on the scale on that day  and you miss your goal you know what  happens you keep working out nothing  happens  right and what's more important is the  trend  because you are more healthy now you're  healthier now than you were when you  started you just happen to pick the  wrong day clearly you're gonna hit it in  a month  and i think what we as companies need to  start doing is first of all  contextualizing the goal the reason we  need to hit this goal  is because it helps us build towards  that bigger vision yeah  and  when we hit it we look at the context or  do we have bad leadership that just you  know at the last minute in the last  quarter had all these promotions so they  could hit their numbers but they're a  terrible leader building a terrible team  and this has been their year  but we bonus that person  versus the other team that's really well  led that's doing everything right  beautiful steady growth line they just  happen to miss the number we give them  nothing so we're accidentally  incentivizing the wrong behaviors i  think we need to start looking at trend  data because that's infinite mindedness  and i think we need to start  contextualizing those goals if they lack  context if it's goal for the point of  goal you're in a finite game